6.0.0 Jakarta TCK, MicroProfile TCK and Release Notes (#228)
payara/Payara-Documentation: enterprise/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Eclipse MicroProfile Certification/6.0.0/Server Full TCK Results.adoc

+
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-config-3.0.2/microprofile-config-spec-3.0.2.html[MicroProfile Config 3.0.2]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-fault-tolerance-4.0.2/microprofile-fault-tolerance-spec-4.0.2.html[MicroProfile Fault Tolerance 4.0.2]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-jwt-auth-2.1/microprofile-jwt-auth-spec-2.1.html[MicroProfile JWT Auth 2.1]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-metrics-5.0.0/microprofile-metrics-spec-5.0.0.html[MicroProfile Metrics 5.0.0]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-open-api-3.1/microprofile-openapi-spec-3.1.html[MicroProfile OpenAPI 3.1]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-opentracing-3.0/microprofile-opentracing-spec-3.0.html[MicroProfile OpenTracing 3.0]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-rest-client-3.0/microprofile-rest-client-spec-3.0.html[MicroProfile Rest Client 3.0]
https://download.eclipse.org/microprofile/microprofile-telemetry-1.0/tracing/microprofile-telemetry-tracing-spec-1.0.html[MicroProfile Telemetry Tracing 1.0]

- Public URL of TCK Results Summary:
+

> https://docs.payara.fish/community/docs/6.0.0/Eclipse%20MicroProfile%20Certification/6.0.0/Server%20Full%20TCK%20Results.html

Reviewer: a) Have we ever pointed out the redundancy in pointing to the page we're currently on?
b) Wrong URL (...docs.payara.fish/**community**...)

- Java runtime used to run the implementation:
+
Zulu JDK Runtime Environment (version 11.0.14.1)
- Summary of the information for the certification environment:
+
Jenkins AWS EC2 Linux Cloud, Ubuntu 20.04 LTS +

== Test results
### Config
```
Completed running 368 tests
Number of tests failed 0
Number of tests with errors 0
Number of tests skipped 0
```
### Fault-Tolerance
```
Completed running 442 tests
Number of tests failed 0
Number of tests with errors 0
Number of tests skipped 0
```
### Health
```
Completed running 28 tests
Number of tests failed 0
Number of tests with errors 0
Number of tests skipped 0
```
### JWT-Auth
```
Completed running 206 tests
Number of tests failed 0
Number of tests with errors 0
Number of tests skipped 0
```
### Metrics

> ```

Reviewer: Since we lack an "additional certification requirements" space here, it's probably worth linking to our challenge.

Completed running 147 tests
Number of tests failed 0
Number of tests with errors 0
Number of tests skipped 0
```
### OpenAPI

> NOTE: A challenge has been raised against the OpenAPI 3.1 TCK here: https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile-open-api/issues/557. For the official TCK run with challenged tests excluded see "Unaltered TCK", for the Payara Patched TCK see "Payara Patched TCK". The Payara patch to the TCK is here: https://github.com/payara/patched-src-microprofile-open-api/pull/46

Reviewer: I'd point at the official PR, not our one.
```suggestion
NOTE: A challenge has been raised against the OpenAPI 3.1 TCK here: https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile-open-api/issues/557. For the official TCK run with challenged tests excluded see "Unaltered TCK", for the Payara Patched TCK see "Payara Patched TCK". The Payara patch to the TCK is here: https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile-open-api/pull/559
```
